Add new configuration syntax proposal (#623)
infracloudio/botkube: docs/investigation/2022-06-20-cfg-via-crds.md

> # Configure BotKube via CRs

Reviewer: General comment to all these investigation documents:
It would be great to unify terms (and also describe them, as in the proposal). If that's too much work, let's have the proposal from #626 having agreed terms (e.g. `notifier` will become something different, as long as you agree with me) and here let's just describe used terms for each document (the `notifier` could stay as it is).

> Created on 2022-06-20 by Mateusz Szostok ([@mszostok](https://github.com/mszostok))
> 
> | Status      |
> |-------------|
> | `POSTPONED` |

Reviewer: If this is an investigation, maybe it should be deleted? Not sure what about `Created on...`, but I would rather delete that too. But it's up to you 🙂 

```suggestion
```

Once we know we'll go in CRDs, this investigation could be converted to an proposal 👍

    2. (Cluster)Mutator

    Currently, I don't see any candidate for this.

    | Filter Name             | Description                                                                       | Note                                    |
    |-------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------|
    | ImageTagChecker         | Checks and adds recommendation if 'latest' image tag is used for container image. | Move as recommendation notificator.     |
    | IngressValidator        | Checks if services and tls secrets used in ingress specs are available.           | Move as recommendation notificator.     |
    | ObjectAnnotationChecker | Checks if annotations botkube.io/* present in object specs and filters them.      | Remove it.                              |
    | PodLabelChecker         | Checks and adds recommendations if labels are missing in the pod specs.           | Move as recommendation notificator.     |
    | NamespaceChecker        | Checks if event belongs to blocklisted namespaces and filter them.                | Remove it. It will be per resource now. |

>     | NodeEventsChecker       | Sends notifications on node level critical events.                                | Move as K8s events notificator.         |

Reviewer: We can extract it to a dedicated section (`### Mutators`)

    iconURL: https://examples.com/favicon.ico
    maintainers:
      - email: foo@example.com
        name: Foo Bar
        url: https://examples.com/foo/bar
status:
  phase: Registered/Failed
  message: "CRD 'clusterslack.communicators.core.botkube.io/v1' not registered in cluster."
```

#### Instance

```yaml
apiVersion: "core.botkube.io/v1"
kind: ClusterCommunicator
metadata:
  name: slack-instance
spec:
  template: Slack
  parameters:
    notiftype: short
    token:
      # value: <plain_data>
      valueFrom:
        secretKeyRef:
          name: communication-slack
      namespace: botkube-system
        key: token
    channels:
      - name: nodes # it's better with string as YAML doesn't support #, or @ chars
        bindings:
          notifier:
            - name: nodes-errors
          executors:
            - name: nodes-readonly
status:
  phase: Initializing/Connected/Failed
  message: "connection failed: 401 Unautorized"
  # Reflects the generation of the most recently observed change.
  #observedGeneration:
  # Last time the condition transitioned from one status to another.
  #lastTransitionTime:
```

## Consequences

> This section described necessary changes if proposal will be accepted.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this:
```suggestion
This section described necessary changes if the implementation idea will be accepted and planned in the roadmap.
```
